index.md, before:

---
layout: cv
title: Harm te Molder's CV
---
# Harm te Molder
Web Analyst & Analytics Implementation Specialist

## <img src="images/about-me.png" alt="about me icon" title="About Me" height="50"/> About Me

...

## <img src="images/contact-information.png" alt="contact information icon" title="Contact Information" height="50"/> Contact Information

Name | Harm te Molder
Phone | [+31 (0) 6 426 966 16](tel:+31642696616 "Harm's Phone Number")
Email | [mail@harmtemolder.com](mailto:mail@harmtemolder.com "Harm's Email Address")
LinkedIn | <https://www.linkedin.com/in/harmtemolder/>
Physical Address | [Griendtsveenseweg 52, Deurne, NL](https://www.google.com/maps?q=Griendtsveenseweg+52,+Deurne,+NL "Harm's Physical Address")

## <img src="images/work-related-skills.png" alt="work-related skills icon" title="Work-related Skills" height="50"/> Work-related Skills

...

## <img src="images/experience-education.png" alt="experience & education icon" title="Experience & Education" height="50"/> Experience & Education

...

[//]: # (Last updated: 2019/01/16)

Commit message:

Finished Contact Information and Work-related Skills, started Experience & Education

index.md, after:

---
layout: cv
title: Harm te Molder's CV
---
# Harm te Molder
Web Analyst & Analytics Implementation Specialist

## <img src="images/about-me.png" alt="about me icon" title="About Me" height="24" /> About Me

...

## <img src="images/contact-information.png" alt="contact information icon" title="Contact Information" height="24" /> Contact Information

Name | Harm te Molder
Phone | [+31 (0) 6 426 966 16](tel:+31642696616 "Harm's Phone Number")
Email | [mail@harmtemolder.com](mailto:mail@harmtemolder.com "Harm's Email Address")
LinkedIn | <https://www.linkedin.com/in/harmtemolder/>
Physical Address | [Griendtsveenseweg 52, Deurne, NL](https://www.google.com/maps?q=Griendtsveenseweg+52,+Deurne,+NL "Harm's Physical Address")

## <img src="images/work-related-skills.png" alt="work-related skills icon" title="Work-related Skills" height="24" /> Work-related Skills

* Setting up and interpreting **Google Analytics** and similar web analytics tools
* Managing, cleaning up or setting up **Tealium**, **Google Tag Manager** and other tag managers
* Writing **JavaScript** and **jQuery** implementations needed for more complex tag management setups and web scraping
* Data crunching and visualisation through **Python** and its **pandas**, **Matplotlib** and **Bokeh** libraries
* Building advanced Floodlight configurations for **DoubleClick**
* The basics of **SQL** needed for **Google BigQuery**
* Some **HTML** and **CSS**
* A bit of **R**

## <img src="images/experience-education.png" alt="experience & education icon" title="Experience & Education" height="24" /> Experience & Education

03/2017 - Now | **Freelance Analytics Consultant.** ...
03/2011 - 02/2017 | **Analytics Consultant @ Expand Online, Rotterdam.** I started off as an SEO intern but became Expand Online’s first Analytics Consultant in a team that quickly grew to 8 at the time I left. I helped Expand Online's ecommerce, recruitment and b2b clients come up with their web analytics strategies, shaped those into a measurement plan, guided their developers through the implementations (or do these myself through tag management tools), and finally helped them make sense of the results either in recurring reports and dashboards or through one-off analyses.
02/2012 - 01/2013 | **MSc. Persuasive Communication @ University of Amsterdam.** Although "Persuasive Communication" sounds fancier, just think of it as a master’s degree in marketing communications.
If you are curious to what I did before, just visit [my LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/harmtemolder/ "Harm's LinkedIn Profile"). If you have any questions about anything, don't hesitate to call me at [+31 (0) 6 426 966 16](tel:+31642696616 "Harm's Phone Number").

[//]: # TODO: Write About Me
[//]: # TODO: Write part about freelance experience in Experience & Education
[//]: # TODO: Design HTML via CSS
[//]: # TODO: Design PDF via CSS
[//]: # TODO: Resize actual icon files
[//]: # TODO: Set icon height to font size via class and CSS
[//]: # (Last updated: 2019/01/16)
